hello together here is christi only for
map packs point tv i want you in
this video introduce four products in the
range of teeth whitening so to speak that
Whitening for the home and doing it
they are products of the company swisstech
this is a swiss dental
Cosmetic company based in Zurich
They have been around for about six years
and you will only use it with products
to cultivate the extra care
especially gentle and also special
are gentle to the toes and we will
Now together in this video
Find out if that's me too
my experiences in this regard
share with you
and yes I would say we lay directly
let's go following products I have
on the one hand tested the swist removal
waltermann toothpaste then the
Mouthwash and 20 more tracks and me
start now also directly with the
I already use toothpaste
for a good two weeks
That's what the packaging looks like
already super nice I'm totally on it
if that is so super high quality
It looks and looks pretty fancy
I like this white silver very much
like and also the toothpaste view i
you'll show that's again
in a bad design
kept it looks like i said so
use for two weeks now
But I also have to say that I am her
I used it three times a day
the optimal review now for you
wanted to turn her to an optimal
impression of it and yes there
you can certainly add a few more
More days of use and if you like
most of you probably too
she will be used twice a day then
they probably also scarce
hold about month
Price is now 10 euros
Eight sometimes always varies eight
sometimes nine euro looks on the side
by max.de the mail-order pharmacy there
you can namely the products for sale
purchase
and yes I have them as said is the
I tested it all the time
excited I had never never
such a good toothpaste most of
you'll probably get the drugstore
use product
say blender module with three us on
and so on
and since we have never been such a great one
We have now achieved an effect with
this one i am testing very much
in this area teeth whitening that is
a very interesting topic for me
and I like it so much
employ
and yes I came to the conclusion
is that the best is there is very much
many benefits for one thing she seems
not as strong as the normal one
immediately notice that everything is much gentler
much easier much quieter so to speak
therefore goes and yes I think that too
you have to brush your teeth with it for a very long time
can without being uncomfortable after
my experience at least it is so
me that really after two minutes
Often problems continue to increase
clean it because it's so scary
burns on the moon and already so on the
tongue somehow trick is very funny
and both not at all
case I could say that with 20 minutes
brush teeth and thus still
feel totally good
yes she is very caring at the lake
and it is a great hygienic
pleasant feeling which you feel afterwards
leaves and I would always
I'll buy again have me
think about that, yes you already price
a little bit higher is that I always like that
for two months a cheap use
and then again this month for a month
Here as a cure, so to speak, just around
something good to do and ten times
to use something healthy and that
I only have group life so to speak
with the price because it's just a bit
high-priced is otherwise tip-top
Toothpaste I can only recommend
Furthermore, I have the extreme
Mouthwash tested and yes the name is
program is really extreme that it
terribly spicy bitter and yes easy
I am very much used to it
sensitive to mouthwash I am
I really like the wild ones
hardly tastes but it is then
but very very strong and the taste
stays in there for a few minutes
mouth so included and it was one
a bit difficult for me to do it
to get used to but I have a great
Technique for me usually discovers
You have to use it twice a day
20 milliliters each and I have them
but in the evening even uses 15 meters
a bit reduced and it was great
I have a completely comfortable
feeling in bed everything was right
fresh i had the total fresh kick
So it did not get better and yes
it is now priced at about 18
euro the normal in the drugstore so
Six, I think I had a short break
watched because dm and rossmann and there
Most of them also commute to one another
So it's already expensive again
segment but if you like me
used sparingly because it maybe
could be a problem for you as well
This strong taste comes to her very much
very long so has towards you then
a long long time fine of it so that
it is also priced then yes right
I personally would have been worth it
So to 100 percent generally recommend
both in combination times a few me
of course, can not say if now the
toothpaste to 80 percent at a
brightening led to it and that
maybe only 20 percent or exactly
the other way
but I think most of you are
really interested in whitening
the gentle lightening in the case
they will certainly be that anyway
complete package to buy then the
optimal year optimal results
to achieve
and that's the way to these two
products that are easy in the combo
are unbeatable and where I still
Never used such great products
yes, we'll change now
over to the monsters there too i have
tested two different and that
once again the extreme version like
we already do it at the mouthwash
I got to know then
this product here resorted to the pio
it calls itself
and yes that was very very mild and me
loved it i have it in the
bag always with and had
it was just great after that
eat to spray one has become equal
felt better again everything was right
fresh and hygienic and the lying
now priced at about eight euros but
I have to say I have two now
For a little while something tested about
two weeks and I have five in part
sprayed six times a day and here
is still half in it
most of you may become
that only two use three times a day
accordingly good for longer
So the durability is great there
you do not care that that
is used up quickly because that is
not the case at all you have
long well before
All in all, I'm totally satisfied
and super happy that I have the products
I've tried it for a long time now
long after such a gentle
make a brightening look at the dentist
we do not mind this is this
Professional whitening super awesome
expensive even if you leave the eight or
so the teeth gets brighter what's in now
of course, that was not the case
perhaps now only 23 light outside
i would guess i had too before
picture made and me in retrospect
now looked at and the result on
every case because the brightening is there and
throughout I'm definitely satisfied
I will have the products in any case
buy at regular intervals now
not only still use but always
come back to her again
and yes I would recommend you
max.de on the side to stop by
maybe even closer
Information about the products
to catch up and yes I wish you on
Anyway , have fun with it if
you tried that and otherwise
you will find all the necessary information in the
infobox and I wish you one
nice day
See you